Add handling of picture metadata block (#189)
ietf-wg-cellar/flac-specification: flac.md

19    | Band or artist logotype
20    | Publisher or studio logotype

In case not a picture but an URI is contained in this block, the following points apply:

> - In case an URI does not include a protocol specifier, the URI is considered relative to the FLAC file being processed. Such URIs are retrieved with the same protocol as the FLAC file being processed, if the protocol has a concept of relative URIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The URI can be either in absolute or in relative form. In case an URI is in relative form, it is related to the URI of the FLAC content processed.
```

See [RFC 3986](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3986), (no protocols, but schemes; URI is already defined with both concepts and name them absolute and relative, see abstract).

Also the concept of "file" may not exist (real time broadcasting etc).

> - Applications MUST obtain explicit user approval to retrieve images via remote protocols, or when retrieving a file that is not in the directory of the FLAC file being processed.

Reviewer: Maybe to be moved in the security part?

Author: I think it would be nicer to leave it here, because in the Security considerations it would be missing context I think. Also, this is the only place where the protocol specifies an URL.

On the other hand, Vorbis comments can also contain links, and some applications could be using certain tags to link to extra content. In that case the consideration would be more general indeed.

Author: I've now done both, there's a more generic version added to the security considerations.

- Applications supporting linked images SHOULD handle unavailability of URIs gracefully. They MAY report unavailability to the user.

> - Applications MAY reject processing linked images for any reason, in particular for security or privacy reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Applications MAY reject processing URIs for any reason, in particular for security or privacy reasons.
```
